I scream, you scream,
We all scream for ice cream.
Betty Botter bought some butter but, said she, the butter's bitter.
If I put it in my batter, it will make my batter bitter.
But a bit of better butter will make my bitter batter better.
So she bought some better butter, better than the bitter butter,
put it in her bitter batter, made her bitter batter better.
So 't was better Betty Botter bought some better butter.
She sells seashells on the seashore.
The shells she sells are seashells, I'm sure.
And if she sells seashells on the seashore,
Then I'm sure she sells seashore shells.
Yally Bally had a jolly golliwog. Feeling folly, Yally Bally bought his jolly golli' a dollie made of holly! The golli', feeling jolly, named the holly dollie, Polly. So Yally Bally's jolly golli's holly dollie Polly's also jolly!
Birdie birdie in the sky laid a turdie in my eye.
If cows could fly I'd have a cow pie in my eye.
How much ground would a groundhog hog, if a groundhog could hog ground? A groundhog would hog all the ground he could hog, if a groundhog could hog ground.
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.
Spread it thick, say it quick!
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.
Spread it thicker, say it quicker!
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.
Don't eat with your mouth full!
I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers
A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked
If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers
Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
He would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood
As a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood
Theophilus Thistle, a successful thistle sifter, while sifting a sieve full of unsifted thistles, thrust a thistle through the thick of his thumb. Now, if Theophilus Thistle, a successful thistle sifter, while sifting a sieve full of unsifted thistles, thrust a thistle through the thick of his thumb, see that thou, while sifting a sieve full of unsifted thistles, thrust not a thistle through the thick of thy thumb.
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
I thought a thought. But the thought I thought wasn't the thought I thought I thought. If the thought I thought I thought, had been the thought I thought, I wouldn't have thought I thought.
Something in a thirty-acre thermal thicket of thorns and thistles thumped and thundered threatening the three-D thoughts of Matthew the thug. Although, theatrically, it was only the thirteen-thousand thistles and thorns through the underneath of his thigh that the thirty-year-old thug thought of that morning.
If you must cross a course cross cow across a crowded cow crossing, cross the cross coarse cow across the crowded cow crossing carefully.
Brisk brave brigadiers brandished broad bright blades, blunderbusses, and bludgeons, balancing them badly.
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.
Can you can a canned can into an un-canned can like a canner can can a canned can into an un-canned can?
Imagine an imaginary menagerie manager managing an imaginary menagerie.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Send toast to ten tense stout saints' ten tall tents.
A really leery Larry rolls readily to the road.
Rory's lawn rake rarely rakes really right.
Lucky rabbits like to cause a ruckus.
I looked right at Larry's rally and left in a hurry.
Round and round the rugged rocks the ragged rascal ran.
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
Susie works in a shoeshine shop. Where she shines she sits, and where she sits she shines.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
I have got a date at a quarter to eight; I'll see you at the gate, so don't be late.
You know New York, you need New York, you know you need unique New York.
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
I thought I thought of thinking of thanking you.
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch.
Near an ear, a nearer ear, a nearly eerie ear.
Eddie edited it.
Willie's really weary.
A big black bear sat on a big black rug.
Tom threw Tim three thumbtacks.
He threw three free throws.
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
So, this is the sushi chef.
Four fine fresh fish for you.
Wayne went to wales to watch walruses.
Six sticky skeletons. Six sticky skeletons. Six sticky skeletons.
Which witch is which? Which witch is which? Which witch is which? 
Flash message. Flash message. Flash message. 
Red Buick, blue Buick. Red Buick, blue Buick. Red Buick, blue Buick.
Red lorry, yellow lorry. Red lorry, yellow lorry. Red lorry, yellow lorry.
Thin sticks, thick bricks. Thin sticks, thick bricks. Thin sticks, thick bricks.
Eleven benevolent elephants. Eleven benevolent elephants. Eleven benevolent elephants.
Two tried and true tridents. Two tried and true tridents. Two tried and true tridents.
Rolling red wagons. Rolling red wagons. Rolling red wagons.
She sees cheese. She sees cheese. She sees cheese.  
Good blood, bad blood. Good blood, bad blood. Good blood, bad blood. 
Pre-shrunk silk shirts. Pre-shrunk silk shirts. Pre-shrunk silk shirts.
Ed had edited it. Ed had edited it. Ed had edited it.
We surely shall see the sun shine soon.
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
Fred fed Ted bread, and Ted fed Fred bread.
I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit.
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk, but the stump thunk the skunk stunk.
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep is sick.
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
A big black bug bit a big black dog on his big black nose.
Pete's pa Pete poked to the pea patch to pick a peck of peas for the poor pink pig in the pine hole pig-pen.
Four furious friends fought for the phone.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
If you notice this notice, you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing.
Rubius's Rolls-Royce has really weird rear wheels.
Five flippant French frogs frolicked through French fields for five furlongs.
Thirty-three thousand people think that Thursday is their thirtieth birthday.
Betty baked big batches of brown blueberry bread.
A bloke's bike's back brake block broke.
Surely Sylvia swims! shrieked Sammy surprised. Someone should show Sylvia some strokes so she shall not sink.
Selfish shellfish. Selfish shellfish. Selfish shellfish.
Shep Schwab shopped at Scott's Schnapps shop;
One shot of Scott's Schnapps stopped Schwab's watch.
Amidst the mists and coldest frosts,
With stoutest wrists and loudest boasts,
He thrusts his fists against the posts,
And still insists he sees the ghosts.
Eve eating eagerly elegant Easter eggs.
Ingenious iguanas improvising an intricate impromptu on impossibly-impractical instruments.
One-One was a racehorse.
Two-Two was one, too.
When One-One won one race,
Two-Two won one, too.
Of all the felt I ever felt,
I never felt a piece of felt
which felt as fine as that felt felt,
when first I felt that felt hat's felt.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish,
but if you wish the wish the witch wishes,
I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.
To begin to toboggan first buy a toboggan, but don't buy too big a toboggan. Too big a toboggan is too big a toboggan to buy to begin to toboggan.
She saw Sharif's shoes on the sofa. But was she so sure those were Sharif's shoes she saw?
The chic Sikh's sixty-sixth sheep is sick.
A loyal warrior will rarely worry why we rule.
A pessemistic pest exists amidst us.
Drew Dodd's dad's dog's dead.
A big bug bit a bold bald bear and the bold bald bear bled blood badly.
Swan swam over the pond, Swim swan swim! Swan swam back again. Well swum swan!
Celibate celebrant, celibate celebrant, celibate celebrant.
Did Dick Pickens prick his pinkie pickling cheap cling peaches in an inch of Pinch or framing his famed French finch photos?
Hassock hassock, black spotted hassock. Black spot on a black back of a black spotted hassock.
As I was in Arkansas I saw a saw that could out saw any saw I ever saw saw. If you happen to be in Arkansas and see a saw that can out saw the saw I saw saw I'd like to see the saw you saw saw.
On a lazy laser raiser lies a laser ray eraser.
